In this exercise, you were provided with the reach, impact, confidence,
and effort scores for five potential features in a customer relationship management tool.
Note that I've converted the stated impact from massive, large,
medium, and low to 3,
2, 1, or 0.5.
The confidence percentages provided have also been converted to decimals.
To calculate the RICE score for each feature,
multiply the reach, impact,
and confidence together for the feature.
Here is the product of those three factors.
Next, we divide this by the effort in weeks to get the final RICE score.
Here we see the result of that division.
The second question of the exercise asked,
"What order the five features should be prioritized in according to the RICE method?"
Using the RICE method,
the highest scored feature should be prioritized first.
Let's order by highest to lowest.
That means the feature should be built in this order,
creating a line bar and pie charts based on collected data,
then uploading external files to attach as notes,
followed by ability to share individual pages via Quicklink.
Then if there's time,
social sign-on with social media sites Google,
followed by social sign-on with social media sites Facebook.